timeLog.md, before:

# Time Log

| Week | Dev             | Tasks                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         | Notes | Hours |
|------|-----------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-------|-------|
| 1    | Matt Brophy     | Met with team and documented charter / resume and project idea                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                | n/a   | 4     |
| 2    | Matt Brophy     | Created API Endpoint Design (reviewed and adjusted as a team). Created database designs (reviewed and agreed on one as a team). Wrote SQL to create DB / Load Tables.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         | n/a   | 4     |
| 3    | Matt Brophy     | Prepopulated database with locations so we could test. Created the API documentation page and linked a placeholder for everyone to add their documentation details to. Assisted in pull request reviews and merges.                                                                                                                                                                                                                           | n/a   | 4     |
| 4    | Matt Brophy     | Updated code in getAllLocations() to use optional query params. Wrote deleteLocationById() and deleteImageById() methods. Updated all test daos to include findByPropertyEqual() which was added to GenericDao for the query params to work. Recorded presentation. Assisted in pull request reviews and merges.                                                                                                                              | n/a   | 7     |
| 1    | Jamin Zimmerman | Met with team, worked through everything for the week, and finished the README.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               | n/a   | 3     |
| 2    | Jamin Zimmerman | Met with team and updated the README. Helped plan and split up upcoming tasks. Started work on LocationService, Location entity, and RestApplication.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         | n/a   | 5     |
| 3    | Jamin Zimmerman | Created a new branch and added LocationService and RestApplication. Opened PR. <br> - Implemented and tested DAOs for Location, Subject, Image. Updated Coordinates and BestTime. Set up .gitignore. <br> - Finished and tested POST and GET endpoints for `/locations`. Verified using Postman, added screenshots. Updated `pom.xml`, fixed entity annotations (`@JsonManagedReference`, `@JsonBackReference`), and confirmed functionality. | n/a   | 10.5  |
| 4    | Jamin Zimmerman |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               | n/a   |       |
| 1    |                 |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               | n/a   |       |
| 2    |                 |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               | n/a   |       |
| 3    |                 |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               | n/a   |       |
| 4    |                 |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               | n/a   |       |

Commit message:

added presentation to the README, finished adding my last timeLog, and updated the plan.md

timeLog.md, after:

# Time Log

| Week | Dev             | Tasks                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         | Notes | Hours |
|------|-----------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-------|-------|
| 1    | Matt Brophy     | Met with team and documented charter / resume and project idea                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                | n/a   | 4     |
| 2    | Matt Brophy     | Created API Endpoint Design (reviewed and adjusted as a team). Created database designs (reviewed and agreed on one as a team). Wrote SQL to create DB / Load Tables.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         | n/a   | 4     |
| 3    | Matt Brophy     | Prepopulated database with locations so we could test. Created the API documentation page and linked a placeholder for everyone to add their documentation details to. Assisted in pull request reviews and merges.                                                                                                                                                                                                                           | n/a   | 4     |
| 4    | Matt Brophy     | Updated code in getAllLocations() to use optional query params. Wrote deleteLocationById() and deleteImageById() methods. Updated all test daos to include findByPropertyEqual() which was added to GenericDao for the query params to work. Recorded presentation. Assisted in pull request reviews and merges.                                                                                                                              | n/a   | 7     |
| 1    | Jamin Zimmerman | Met with team, worked through everything for the week, and finished the README.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               | n/a   | 3     |
| 2    | Jamin Zimmerman | Met with team and updated the README. Helped plan and split up upcoming tasks. Started work on LocationService, Location entity, and RestApplication.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         | n/a   | 5     |
| 3    | Jamin Zimmerman | Created a new branch and added LocationService and RestApplication. Opened PR. <br> - Implemented and tested DAOs for Location, Subject, Image. Updated Coordinates and BestTime. Set up .gitignore. <br> - Finished and tested POST and GET endpoints for `/locations`. Verified using Postman, added screenshots. Updated `pom.xml`, fixed entity annotations (`@JsonManagedReference`, `@JsonBackReference`), and confirmed functionality. | n/a   | 10.5  |
| 4    | Jamin Zimmerman | Reviewed the final project setup, tested API endpoints to ensure everything was working, and recorded my portion of the presentation covering project setup, unit testing, and the API methods I contributed (2 POSTs and 1 GET).                                                                                                                                                                                                             | n/a   | 3     |
| 1    |                 |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               | n/a   |       |
| 2    |                 |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               | n/a   |       |
| 3    |                 |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               | n/a   |       |
| 4    |                 |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               | n/a   |       |
